Former Arsenal striker dies after 'significant' injury

Ex-Arsenal youth striker dies after injury during game

Billy Vigar was placed into an induced coma following an injury at Wingate and Finchley

Vigar's family said on Thursday they were "devastated that this has happened while he was playing the sport he loved".

It is thought the injury was caused when he collided with a concrete wall, but the club has not confirmed this.

Vigar, 21 and born in Worthing, was injured during a game at Wingate and Finchley on Saturday in the Isthmian League Premier Division.

"The responses to the original update show how much Billy was loved and thought of within the sport."

"On Tuesday, he needed an operation to aid any chances of recovery. Although this helped, the injury proved too much for him and he passed away on Thursday morning.

"After sustaining a significant brain injury last Saturday, Billy Vigar was put into an induced coma," the family said.

Vigar seen here during a match against Sparta in 2022

Vigar was a graduate of the Arsenal academy, leaving the club in 2024, and also had spells at Derby County, Hastings United and Eastbourne Borough.

A statement from Arsenal said everyone at the club was "deeply sorry" to hear of his death.

"Billy joined our academy on schoolboy terms aged 14, after being scouted at his hometown club Hove Rivervale FC and excelled as a striker at Hale End, scoring 17 goals in his debut season," the club said.

"In 2020, his performances earned him a scholarship and joined us full-time for the 2020-21 season, his intake including current players Charles Sagoe Jr, Remy Mitchell and others such as Omari Hutchinson, Charlie Patino and Brook Norton-Cuffy.

"Quick, powerful and fiercely determined, his first season as a scholar was blighted by a serious hamstring injury, but he made up for it in his second, scoring four goals in 18 under-18 appearances and signed professional terms for the club at the end of that 2021-22 season.

"Billy went on to appear for us in the PL2 and EFL Trophy and proved to be an asset across the forward positions and even deputised in defence – his versatility illustrating his commitment to the coaching staff and his team.

"As well as his significant talent, Billy will always be remembered for his love of the game, pride at representing our football club - he once called the day he was spotted by our scouts as 'the most important of his life' – and a character beloved by team-mates and coaches alike.

"Our deepest condolences go out to the Vigar family and his many friends at this extremely difficult time."

Derby County said in a statement: "All at Derby County are deeply saddened by the passing of Billy Vigar.

"Billy spent the second half of the 2022-23 season with the academy on loan from Arsenal, making several appearances for the Under-21s.

"The thoughts of everyone at the club are with his family and friends at this incredibly difficult time."

A spokesperson for Hastings said: "All of us at Hastings United are devastated to learn of the passing of Billy Vigar.

"We will always remember Billy's time at Hastings United with fondness. Our thoughts are with Billy's family [and] friends at this time."

Vigar made 32 appearances for Eastbourne while on loan from Arsenal during the 2023-24 season.

Eastbourne said: "Both footballing and non-footballing club staff are shocked and deeply saddened at the news, and our thoughts are with Billy's family at this terrible time."

The FA said in a statement: "We send our heartfelt condolences to his family, friends, loved ones and everyone at Chichester City FC at this incredibly difficult time."

Chichester confirmed on Thursday morning, before announcing Vigar had died, that their match against Lewes on Saturday was postponed and would be rescheduled at a later date.